ICICI LBAT's quarterly results are out.  The
company's numbers are in these lax.  I
tell you in the cross.  The total income of the company
was Rs 5882 crore in December 2024, which
increased to Rs 6610 crore in December 2025.
Net premium interest earned also
increased from Rs 545 crore in December 2024 to Rs 5685 crore in December 2025.
Total expenses were also Rs 5197 crore in December 2024,
which increased to Rs
639 crore in December 2025.  Now let us
see what the profits are.  The
company's underwriting losses were Rs
152 crore in December 2024, which increased to Rs
353 crore in December 2025.
Due to which there has been a decline in the company's operating profit and
net profit after tax.  The
company's operating profit
was Rs 960 crore in December 2024, which has
come down to Rs 869 crore in December 2025
and the net profit after tax was Rs
724 crore in December 2024, which has
come down to Rs 658 crore in December 2025.   The
company has declared a dividend of ₹6.5 this year.
EPS also declined from ₹14.63 to
₹13.25 in December 2025.   There has been a
jump of about 12% in total income, a
jump of about 13% in premium interest earned, a
fall of about 10% in operating profit and a
fall of about 9% in net profit after tax.  The overall results were a bit
weak.